SLEP25 BaseEstimator.freeze (#94)
scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals: slep025/proposal.rst

    cal_clf = CalibratedClassifierCV(clf.freeze(), method="sigmoid")
    cal_clf.fit(X_valid, y_valid)

The proposal of this SLEP is implemented in [6]_.

This change has no backward compatibility concerns.

Implementation
--------------

It is implemented in [6]_ as::

   class BaseEstimator(...):
      ...
      def freeze(self):
         """Return a :term:`frozen` version of this estimator.

         This method wraps the estimator in a :class:`~sklearn.frozen.FrozenEstimator`
         object, and returns the frozen object. This method does NOT freeze this object
         itself.

         The return frozen object will prevent changes to this estimator's instance
         parameters; however, direct changes to this estimator are still possible.
         Returns
         -------
         frozen : :class:`~sklearn.frozen.Frozen`
               A frozen version of this estimator.
         """
         from sklearn.frozen import FrozenEstimator
         return FrozenEstimator(self)

Alternatives
------------

1. We could not add the method. The user would always have to manually import
``FrozenEstimator`` from ``sklearn.frozen``, and wrap their estimator with it.

> 2. We could provide a method under `skelarn` or `sklearn.base`. Which would mean the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We could provide a method under `sklearn` or `sklearn.base`. Which would mean the
```

> 2. We could provide a method under `sklearn` or `sklearn.base`. Which would mean the
> user would have to import from ``sklearn`` or ``sklearn.base`` to use the method::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. We could provide a function under `sklearn` or `sklearn.base`. Which would mean the
user would have to import from ``sklearn`` or ``sklearn.base`` to use the fucntion::
```
